Exasol data types (#19)
exasol/metabase-driver: doc/changes/changes_0.2.0.md

# metabase-driver 0.2.0, released 2022-01-17

> Code name: Fixed issues reading `TIMESTAMP` columns and added support for Exasol specific data types.

Reviewer: Quite long for a release name. Maybe:
```suggestion
Code name: Exasol specific data types and fix for `TIMESTAMP` columns
```

## Summary

This release fixes two issues when reading `TIMESTAMP` columns:

* Reading null values caused a `NullPointerException` in the driver.
* Timestamp values are now read in UTC timezone instead of the local time zone.

> The release also adds support for Exasol specific data types `INTERVAL`, `GEOMETRY` and `HASHTYPE`. As Metabase does not support these types, they are returned as strings of Metabase type `:type/*`. There is an issue with scanning values of `GEOMETRY` columns, see [issue #20](https://github.com/exasol/metabase-driver/issues/20) for details.

Reviewer: maybe link the user guide

Author: ✅
